I'm down on Sanibel I'm 19 years old
from Corona California and I'm a
professional BMX rider I used to live in
Diamond Bar and it was kind of like a
really boring place we didn't have
anything to do all we did was like stay
at home play video games I was 10 when I
moved to Corona and I lived two blocks
away from my local skate park I'd
naturally just picked up a bike and went
to the skate park every day I wrote
there for four years not knowing what
the sport was these kids came to the
park and they started doing tricks to
tell what bar spins and I was like wow
once I saw that telev go around I was
from there on that was my goal is to
become a professional BMX rider wouldn't
love just riding their bike having fun
hanging out with friends every day
that's a dream come true this skate park
was my first gay park ever and I've been
riding here since day one I learned
talipes like right on the corner is like
it's a little step up the highest I've
ever heard on that tree is where it gets
dark
that's cadence cadence down over there
he's my little prodigy we kind of ride
every day and like we basically consider
ourself brothers I started riding when I
was 3 I started hating their jumps I met
Daniel when I was 6 and I saw him doing
big whip bears I've never seen really
anyone ready to bike that good I seen
that he didn't have a fear on riding
it's like he wanted to learn all that
possible he shows me what to do
he'll do the trick and then he'll take
me through the steps to do it and so
like you know I try to guide him as much
as I can but you know he's getting to a
point where he could guide himself and
at a age of 10 now he's kind of like
just progressing as much as he can I'm
always drawn to this park so like
whenever I am traveling and I ride like
an amazing perfect park it sort of makes
me miss this place I always miss this
place whenever I'm gone
I'm here to help him throw out the whole
time he's in BMX so he's always gonna be
able to fall back on me if he ever needs
help my goals are to be in X Games in
never in a million years that I think I
would make it especially coming out of
this park so I kind of just stuck to it
and we're on that today
if you love doing something there's not
that option of stopping I'm happy that
I'm in the sport that I want to be in
and should do it whenever I want